1. Oracle WebLogic Server 12.2.1.3 With Admin Server
Oracle is committed to enabling you to embrace cloud computing by providing greater choice and flexibility in how you deploy Oracle software. In support of that commitment, Oracle has created several ready-to-deploy Azure applications in the Azure Marketplace that include pre-installed Oracle software. You can use this application to create a virtual machine with pre-installed JDK and Oracle WebLogic Server 12.2.1.3.0 with an Administration Server in your Azure environment and run your applications on Oracle software.

2.Oracle WebLogic Server 12.2.1.3 Single Node
Oracle is committed to enabling you to embrace cloud computing by providing greater choice and flexibility in how you deploy Oracle software. In support of that commitment, Oracle has created several ready-to-deploy Azure applications include pre-installed Oracle software. You can use this application to ceate a virtual machine with pre-installed JDK and Oracle WebLogic Server 12.2.1.3.0 without an Administration Server in your Azure environment and run your applications on Oracle software.

3. Oracle WebLogic Server 12.2.1.3 Cluster
Oracle is committed to enabling you to embrace cloud computing by providing greater choice and flexibility in how you deploy Oracle software. In support of that commitment, Oracle has created several ready-to-deploy Azure applications that include pre-installed Oracle software. You can use this application to create multiple virtual machines with highly available WebLogic Server cluster configuration in your Azure environment and run your applications on Oracle software. The application will create the Administration Server on one VM and cluster members on other VMs. Administration Server and all managed servers are started by default when the provisioning Administration Server and NodeManager are started as systemd services. CrashRecoveryEnabled is set to true for the NodeManager, servers are restarted automatically after a VM reboot.

4. Oracle WebLogic Server 12.2.1.3 Dynamic Cluster
Oracle is committed to enabling you to embrace cloud computing by providing greater choice and flexibility in how you deploy Oracle software. In support of that commitment, Oracle has created several ready-to-deploy Azure applications that include pre-installed Oracle software. You can use this application to create multiple virtual machines with highly available WebLogic Server dynamic cluster configuration in your Azure environment and run your applications on Oracle software. The application will create the Administration Server on one VM and managed servers in a dynamic cluster on the other nodes.